[Workers] KV revision (#3288)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/runtime-apis/kv.md

The maximum size of a value is 25 MiB.

You can also [write key-value pairs from the command line with Wrangler](/cli-wrangler/commands#kvkey) and [write data via the API](https://api.cloudflare.com/#workers-kv-namespace-write-key-value-pair).

Due to the eventually consistent nature of Workers KV, concurrent writes from different edge locations can end up overwriting one another. It is a common pattern to write data via Wrangler or the API but read the data from within a Worker, avoiding this issue by issuing all writes from the same location.

Writes are immediately visible to other requests in the same edge location, but can take up to 60 seconds to be visible in other parts of the world. Refer to [How KV works](/learning/how-kv-works) for more information on this topic.

#### Writing data in bulk

> You can [write more than one key-value pair at a time with Wrangler](/cli-wrangler/commands#kvbulk) or [via the API](https://api.cloudflare.com/#workers-kv-namespace-write-multiple-key-value-pairs), up to 10,000 KV pairs. A `key` and `value` are required for each KV pair. The entire request size must be less than 100 megabytes. As of Janaury 2022, Cloudflare does not support this from within a Worker script at this time.

Reviewer: 'Janaury' -> 'January'

I'm wondering as a user, how does it help me to know the date a particular comment was true as of?  If I suspect it's out of date, where else would I look given that no one updated the docs? If this is a bigger part of a docs initiative feel free to ignore me.

> You can [write more than one key-value pair at a time with Wrangler](/cli-wrangler/commands#kvbulk) or [via the API](https://api.cloudflare.com/#workers-kv-namespace-write-multiple-key-value-pairs), up to 10,000 KV pairs. A `key` and `value` are required for each KV pair. The entire request size must be less than 100 megabytes. As of Janaury 2022, Cloudflare does not support this from within a Worker script at this time.

Author: ```suggestion
You can [write more than one key-value pair at a time with Wrangler](/cli-wrangler/commands#kvbulk) or [via the API](https://api.cloudflare.com/#workers-kv-namespace-write-multiple-key-value-pairs), up to 10,000 KV pairs. A `key` and `value` are required for each KV pair. The entire request size must be less than 100 megabytes. As of January 2022, Cloudflare does not support this from within a Worker script at this time.
```

All arguments are optional:

* `prefix` is a string that represents a prefix you can use to filter all keys.

> * `limit` is the maximum number of keys returned. The default is 1000, which is the maximum. It is unlikely that you will want to change this default but it is included for completeness.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `limit` is the maximum number of keys returned. The default is 1,000, which is the maximum. It is unlikely that you will want to change this default but it is included for completeness.
```

  event.respondWith(new Response(value));
});
```

<Aside type="note">
  

> You can create a namespace [using Wrangler](/cli-wrangler/commands#getting-started) or in the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) on the KV page. For the dashboard, you can bind the namespace to your Worker by going to **Workers** > **select your Worker** > **Settings** and adding a binding under **KV Namespace Bindings**.

Reviewer: worth mentioning you have to click "variables" after going to settings?

> You can create a namespace [using Wrangler](/cli-wrangler/commands#getting-started) or in the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) on the KV page. For the dashboard, you can bind the namespace to your Worker by going to **Workers** > **select your Worker** > **Settings** and adding a binding under **KV Namespace Bindings**.

Author: ```suggestion
You can create a namespace [using Wrangler](/cli-wrangler/commands#getting-started) or in the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) on the KV page. You can also bind the namespace to your Worker in the dashboard:

 1. Go to **Workers**.
 2. Select your **Worker**.
 3. Select **Settings**.
 4. Go to **KV Namespace Bindings**.
 5. Select **Add binding**.
```

</Aside>

### Referencing KV from Durable Objects and Workers using Modules Syntax

> The documenation above assume you are using the original Service Worker syntax, where binding a KV namespace makes it available as a global variable with the name you chose, for example, `NAMESPACE`. Durable Objects use Modules syntax. Instead of a global variable, bindings are available as properties of the `env` parameter [passed to the constructor](/runtime-apis/durable-objects#durable-object-class-definition). A typical example might look like:

Reviewer: "documenation above assume" -> "documentation above assumes"

> The documenation above assume you are using the original Service Worker syntax, where binding a KV namespace makes it available as a global variable with the name you chose, for example, `NAMESPACE`. Durable Objects use Modules syntax. Instead of a global variable, bindings are available as properties of the `env` parameter [passed to the constructor](/runtime-apis/durable-objects#durable-object-class-definition). A typical example might look like:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The documentation above assume you are using the original Service Worker syntax, where binding a KV namespace makes it available as a global variable with the name you chose, for example, `NAMESPACE`. Durable Objects use Modules syntax. Instead of a global variable, bindings are available as properties of the `env` parameter [passed to the constructor](/runtime-apis/durable-objects#durable-object-class-definition). A typical example might look like:
```

> The documenation above assume you are using the original Service Worker syntax, where binding a KV namespace makes it available as a global variable with the name you chose, for example, `NAMESPACE`. Durable Objects use Modules syntax. Instead of a global variable, bindings are available as properties of the `env` parameter [passed to the constructor](/runtime-apis/durable-objects#durable-object-class-definition). A typical example might look like:

Author: ```suggestion
The documentation above assumes you are using the original Service Worker syntax, where binding a KV namespace makes it available as a global variable with the name you chose, for example, `NAMESPACE`. Durable Objects use Modules syntax. Instead of a global variable, bindings are available as properties of the `env` parameter [passed to the constructor](/runtime-apis/durable-objects#durable-object-class-definition). A typical example might look like:
```
